Add work in progress mention on homepage (#107)
JuliaDataScience/JuliaDataScience: contents/index.md

Welcome! This is an open source and open access book on how to do **Data Science using [Julia](https://julialang.org)**.
Our target audience are PhD candidates from all fields of applied sciences.
Industry analysts, upcoming and established researchers are also welcome.

> You can navigate through the pages of this website by using the arrow keys (left/right) on your keyboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can navigate through the pages of e-book by using the arrow keys (left/right) on your keyboard.
```
